feat: added thanos check rules command (#1097)
improbable-eng/thanos: docs/components/check.md

Flags:
  -h, --help               Show context-sensitive help (also try --help-long and
                           --help-man).
      --version            Show application version.
      --log.level=info     Log filtering level.
      --log.format=logfmt  Log format to use.
      --gcloudtrace.project=GCLOUDTRACE.PROJECT
                           GCP project to send Google Cloud Trace tracings to.
                           If empty, tracing will be disabled.
      --gcloudtrace.sample-factor=1
                           How often we send traces (1/<sample-factor>). If 0 no
                           trace will be sent periodically, unless forced by
                           baggage item. See `pkg/tracing/tracing.go` for
                           details.

Subcommands:
  check rules <rule-files>...
    Check if the rule files are valid or not.

```

### Verify

`check rules` checks the Prometheus rules, used by the Thanos rule node, if they are valid.
The check should be equivalent for the `promtool check rules` but that cannot be used because
Thanos rule has extended rules file syntax for example with `partial_response_strategy`
filed which `promtool` does not allow.

> If the check fails the command ends with error code `1` otherwise `0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the check fails the command fails with exit code `1`, otherwise `0`.
```

Author: sorry should be there again
